Add meta description to some pages (#4534)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/commands.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: In the command configuration section, a command is defined that will be used by one or more active responses. Check out the options here.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Wazuh allows you to configure commands to be used by one or more active responses. Check out the options in this section of the documentation. 
```

>   :description: Learn more about the command configuration section. Check out the options and a sample configuration in this section of our documentation.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :description: In the command configuration section, a command is defined that will be used by one or more active responses. Check out the options here.  
```

>   :description: Learn more about the command configuration section. Check out the options and a sample configuration in this section of our documentation.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :description: In the command configuration section, a command is defined that will be used by one or more active responses. Check out the options here.  
```
